This is a story about the end of the world. In 2020, a global pandemic struck down on the earth and wrecked havoc on everyone and everything. 
The world never recovered, even 40 years after the initial spread of this virus. It is now the year 2060, and I believe there are only days left. 
This might even be my last journal entry until all will be gone forever, lost in a sea of oblivion. I say this because the fires and earthquakes have not 
stopped for the past six months. There is only so much land to destroy until there is none left at all. California has already been lost to the great
hurricane five years ago. Hurricane Helene. It came out of the mist of the Pacific, gave no warning, before it crashed down at once from the North Coast
all the way to San Diego, destroying everything in its midst. Here in Wisconsin we are safe from the hurricanes, but the forecasters predict a great earthquake
that will break apart the land here, engulfing everything...maybe even me. 
The world that was 40 years ago feels so foreign now. Nobody thought that things would come to this point. They told us not to worry, that everything was under 
control, that a vaccine would be right around the corner, that everything would go back to normal, but I guess I wouldn't be writing this if that was true. Even if 
that was all true, we would still have struggled with the natural disasters. Forest fire after forest fire, huricanes more powerful than we've ever seen, earthquakes 
even where there are no fault lines, even yellowstone's volcano erupted 23 years ago. Today I felt another earthquake. It was stronger than any I have ever felt. This 
world will end soon.

Fortunately the rest of us who survived through these catastrophes struggled to live since then. People nearby managed to gather together and build our own shelter 
to fight against the harsh weather, and a small village for the exchange of resources. It turned out to work well in the beginning, until one day whose 'things' 
came. I wouldn't call them animals, they are too sophisticated to be called animals. When we first encontered them, they were just stronger and faster than us, and 
we can managed to get away from them without losing anyone. But now they've evolved. Last week they even started to use booby traps!Oh poor John...His leg...
It seems that mother natural did favor her child, it's just that this time it's not only human got the favor.

The condition is not so bad right now, at least the fence is working in the night, preventing them from getting inside. But the nearest pool is almost dry, and the
next water source is 50 miles away. some of us have already experienced dehydration today, we have to get some water tomorrow.
We have to get some water tomorrow...

This is 2080, and I am a scavenger. I found this diary in the ruins of a small village, and a bounch of human remains. It seems that they did not make it...
